How to use the UI

The UI is composes of different panels. The configuration panel, the vehicle information panel, the data collection panel, and the activity log panel.


Shaker Configuration:
    There a few different sections:
    The shaker battery and the refresh button which updates the battery voltage. 
    The drop down with different rotations per second (RPS) values. The used should be set to 10.33
    Next is an entry where you can enter a number directly, up to 2 decimal places.
    Next is the start, stop, and home button.
    The start button will use the value from the direct entry if it is not empty, otherwise it will use the value from the drop down.
    The stop button will stop the shaker.
    The home button will return the shaker tip to the home position (this is the position that you set when it asks you to push the head down during calibration)
    Next is the Controller IP. You can either type it and and click submit IP or just press auto find which will find the shaker on the network automatically and enter its IP.
    The next three buttons are Calibration/Set Home, Auto Up, and Down
    The Auto Up button will be greyed out if you have no yet calibrated the shaker.
    When you calibrate the shaker, it will ensure that the shaker tip is free to move up and down without hitting anything.
    Then it will ask you to push the head down and click ok to set the home position.
    The Auto button will then become available and clicking it will auotmatically move the shaker up until the tip hits the botton of the battery pack.
    The tip will tap the battery pack and then move down and tap it again which sets up the shaker for use. 
    When you need to lower the shaker after use, click and hold the down button until you're able to remove the shaker from under the vehicle.
    You should start the shaker before you start the data collection.

Sensor Configuration:
    The first section allows you to set the number of sensors between 1 and 2
    Next you can enter the sensor hostname ID which will be used for the autofind button. If you're not using auto find this can be left as is.
    Next you can type the IP address of the first sensor and click submit IP. The battery will stay N/A until you start the data collection.
    Repeate for the second sensor.

Vehicle Information:
    This sections allows you to enter the VIN, Make, Model, Year, Trim, Mileage, and current SOC%
    You can also enter a file suffix which will add a unique name to the end of the file name if you require it.
    The Test ID us an automatically generated 10 digit number that is used to identify the test. This can be auto emailed to the email in the data collection section. It's used on the EVident Battery website to see the results of the test.

Data Collection:
    Here you can change the sample time, set your save location, send the results to EVident Battery for automatic analysis, auto email the test ID to the email entered, and start the collection.
    First ensure that you started the shaker.
    After you set the save location you can click start collection and it will first do a 5 second calibration and then start collecting data. If the software identifies any sensor anomoalies it will automatically reject the data and do another collection.
    After you finish data collection you can click the "Save to AWS" button and it will zip the data in the save location and upload it to the AWS server. Ensure that only information you want uploaded to AWS is in the save location folder.
    If you want the Test ID to be emailed to you, enter your email and submit. This ID will be emailed to you for your records. 
    There are convient progress bars to show you the status of the data collection.
    
    After your first collection you can also scroll up to the Sensor Configuration section to see the battery % of the sensors. 

Actvity Log:
    This is a complete log of everything that happens in the software. 







